Document why you can't programmatically update UI from JS output (#6596)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/getting_started/faq.rst

-  `How can you
   contribute? <https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md>`__
-  :ref:`How can you extend or customize JupyterLab? <user_extensions>`
-  In the classic Notebook, `I could use custom Javascript outputed by a cell to programatically
   control the Notebook <https://stackoverflow.com/a/32769976/907060>`__. Can I do the same thing in JupyterLab?

   JupyterLab was built to support a wide variety of extensibility, including dynamic behavior based on notebook

>    outputs.To access this extensability, you should write a custom JuptyerLab extension. If you would

Reviewer: missing space after period, before "To access"

Author: Thanks!

>    outputs.To access this extensability, you should write a custom JuptyerLab extension. If you would

Author: ```suggestion
   outputs. To access this extensability, you should write a custom JuptyerLab extension. If you would
```

>    outputs. To access this extensability, you should write a custom JuptyerLab extension. If you would

Reviewer 2: Noticed another quick one:

```suggestion
   outputs. To access this extensibility, you should write a custom JupyterLab extension. If you would
```

Author: Thanks!
